1.	Write a SQL query to find the names and salaries of the employees that take the minimal salary in the company.

		SELECT 
		CONCAT(`FirstName`,' ',`LastName`) AS `FullName`, 
		`Salary` 
		FROM `employees` 
		WHERE `Salary` = (SELECT MIN(`Salary`) FROM `employees`);

2.	Write a SQL query to find the names and salaries of the employees that have a salary that is up to 10% higher than the minimal salary for the company.

		SELECT 
		CONCAT(e.`FirstName`,' ',e.`LastName`) AS `FullName`,
		e.Salary FROM employees e
		WHERE e.Salary < (SELECT MIN(Salary) From employees) * 1.1

3.	Write a SQL query to find the full name, salary and department of the employees that take the minimal salary in their department..

		SELECT FirstName, LastName, DepartmentID, Salary
		FROM Employees e
		WHERE Salary = (SELECT MIN(Salary) 
		FROM Employees 
   		WHERE DepartmentID = e.DepartmentID)
		ORDER BY DepartmentID

4.	Write a SQL query to find the average salary in the department #1.
5.	Write a SQL query to find the average salary in the "Sales" department.
6.	Write a SQL query to find the number of employees in the "Sales" department.
7.	Write a SQL query to find the number of all employees that have manager.
8.	Write a SQL query to find the number of all employees that have no manager.
9.	Write a SQL query to find all departments and the average salary for each of them.
10.	Write a SQL query to find the count of all employees in each department and for each town.
11.	Write a SQL query to find all managers that have exactly 5 employees. Display their first name and last name.
12.	Write a SQL query to find all employees along with their managers. For employees that do not have manager display the value "(no manager)".
13.	Write a SQL query to find the names of all employees whose last name is exactly 5 characters long.
14.	Write a SQL query to display the current date and time in the following format "day.month.year hour:minutes:seconds:milliseconds".
15.	Write a SQL query to display the average employee salary by department and job title.
16.	Write a SQL query to display the town where maximal number of employees work.
17.	Write a SQL query to display the number of managers from each town.
18.	Create a table Users. Users should have username, password, full name and last login time.
o	Choose appropriate data types for the table fields. Define a primary key column with a primary key constraint.
o	Define the primary key column as auto-increment to facilitate inserting records.
o	Define unique constraint to avoid repeating usernames.
o	Define a check constraint to ensure the password is at least 5 characters long.
19.	Write SQL statements to insert in the Users table the names of all employees from the Employees table.
o	Combine the first and last names as a full name.
o	For username use the first 3 letters of the first name + the last name (in lowercase).
o	Use the same for the password.
o	Use HireDate for last login time.
20.	Write a SQL statement that changes the password to NULL for all users that have not been in the system since year 1999.
21.	Write a SQL statement that deletes all users without passwords (NULL password).
